There are three major methods for skincare,
skincare products, beauty devices, and medical aesthetics.
But even with so many tools,
It seems that it is still difficult to take good care of this skin.
You’ve spent all the money you were supposed to spend,
but your skin still feels like it’s hit a wall
—zero real improvement.
What's more,
you’ve already leveled up into an ingredient junkie.
such as Retinol,
and Pro-Xylane (Hydroxypropyl Tetrahydropyrantriol),
polypeptides, collagen,
You’ve memorized all those complicated ingredient names,
you can match them perfectly to your skin concerns.
But the moment they actually hit your face…nothing works.
You may even realize that
the ability of skin care products may be limited.
So you turn around and start looking into beauty devices and aesthetic treatments,
thinking, this is high-power stuff—
this has to be the real solution.
But you've spent a lot of money,
but your skin is still allergic repeatedly,
and it's even worse than before.
In fact, behind these failures,
it's not that the product is bad,
but you use the product in the wrong place.
It's like you have a fever,
but you take a bunch of medicine for diarrhea.
When the goal and means are misplaced,
it's the most expensive tax on intelligence.
So in order to prevent you from wasting money,
today let me help you sort out the relationship
the relationship and logic between skin care products,
and see what each of them can do.
Who is good at superficial work,
and who is good at working at the bottom level.
Which combinations are a strong alliance,
and which combinations are mutually destructive?
Before we sort out
the logic and relationships between them,
firstly,
we need to understand their role setting.
Skincare products
are the daily meals for the skin.
just like our bodies
needs all kinds of nutrients,
Our skin
also needs various nutrients.
What about its role?
Just like managing logistics.
It is responsible for providing materials
to ensure food and clothing,
and safety.
Beauty devices
is the fitness trainer of the skin.
When we need to shape the appearance,
that’s where it comes in.
It's like a trainer.
to urge your skin to produce collagen
or tighten the lines.
Medical aesthetics is what we often call surgery.
When dietary therapy or fitness
can't solve the problem,
that’s where it comes in.
It’s extremely effective.
and has a very clear goal.
Go up and destroy it.
So when I say this,
you actually understand
How do they divide their labor?
Because we need to eat every day,
From time to time you need to train in shaping
and in extraordinary times, surgery is needed.
OK, now you know what their roles are.
So what do they look like?
So how do they actually work?
Let's quickly review the structure of the skin.
From outside to inside,
the Skin microbiome layer,
Sebum film, stratum corneum, epidermis, basal layer
dermis and Fascia layer.
As we just mentioned,
Skincare products are the daily three meals of the skin.
So the core logic of skincare products
is actually consistent with health nutrition.
It relies on various chemical ingredients
participate in your physiological processes to work.
For example, it can repair barriers
supplement the Sebum film,
or persuade melanocytes.
Let it produce melanin a little slower
So,
the range of action of skincare products is quite broad.
It can start from the outermost Skin microbiome layer,
Sebum film layer, stratum corneum, epidermis
to the basal layer.
You could say that anything affecting the skin’s surface —
its glow,
color, oil-water balance,
hydration, and so on —
is something skincare products can handle.
they all fall within its scope.
And another thing is that
Skincare products are the only
means to regulate the  Skin microecological layer and Sebum film.
No matter how advanced medical aesthetics are,
or expensive beauty devices,
They can't do the delicate job.
This is the patent of skin care products.
Then we talk about beauty devices.
beauty devices are fitness trainers for the skin.
They use light,
and heat to stimulate the skin
to force the skin to work.
such as collagen production or tightening.
So,
Its range of action is slightly deeper than that of skincare products.
It can go from the stratum corneum to the basal layer,
even to the dermis.
As a trainer,
it is not as gentle as a logistics administrator
as gentle as skin care products.
For example, there is a radiofrequency device in beauty devices.
What about it?
which directly delivers energy to the dermis,
to instantly contract the collagen fibers,
This stimulation forces the skin cells
to produce more collagen.
Finally, let's talk about medical aesthetics.
Medical aesthetics is skin surgery.
It solves the problem directly.
Or it directly breaks up the spots,
or give you an injection
to fill in the wrinkles.
What about it?
and the effect is deep.
and the deepest can reach the fascia layer.
OK, now we know what it can do.
and in which dimension it works.
This is just the first step.
What I want to tell you next is
what it can't do.
Because these things that it can't do
but rather affect the effect of maintenance.
are key factors in whether it works.
Let's talk about them one by one.
The biggest limitation of skincare products
is that its effect is limited in depth.
and it lacks physical means.
What does limited depth of action mean?
That is to say, when your skin has a problem,
when the problem is located deeper,
It's easily out of reach.
It doesn't work.
It can't solve the problem.
For example,
we have some stubborn pigmentation,
may have penetrated deep into the dermis.
When this skin care product
when it penetrates the skin and reaches the dermis,
its concentration is already very low,
which is not enough to be effective.
So it can't remove spots.
Second,
what do we mean by lack of physical means?
That is to say, this skin care product
it relies on chemical ingredients
to participate in physiological processes.
So it is more biological
and chemical aspects.
But when you, for example, need to tighten the outline
I need to fight against gravity
and gravity,
to lift up the outline,
skincare products do not have this function.
The biggest limitation of beauty devices
is its insufficient energy level and destructive nature.
What does insufficient energy level mean?
It means that no matter how similar
no matter how similar its principle is
no matter how similar it is to Medical aesthetics devices,
it cannot reach the energy level of medical aesthetics.
Because beauty devices
is an instrument placed at home,
it must ensure its safety.
It must ensure that
even if the instrument
you don't use it according to the instructions,
you use it randomly or it's taken away by children,
or played with it,
it will not cause major problems.
If the energy level is not high enough,
it is doomed to be impossible to achieve
the effect that Medical aesthetics can achieve.
Let's talk about the pigmentation again.
In medical aesthetics,
using a laser to treat the pigmentation,
It can break up the melanin.
But the energy level of beauty devices
can't reach this level.
Second,
its limitation is its destructive nature.
What does it mean in essence?
Because beauty devices
its essence is to stimulate your skin.
and then through stimulation,
forcing the skin to do certain actions.
Is that so?
This principle
So if your needs are repair,
such as I need to soothe,
I need to repair the barrier.
or I'm allergic,
I need desensitization.
cosmetic devices are powerless.
The biggest limitation of medical aesthetics is
its effect is only immediate,
but not sustainable.
For example, it can be injected to fill
to fill in your wrinkles,
but there is no way to maintain it.
And the substance injected
is destined to be metabolized by your body
will gradually be broken down and lost.
So all kinds of Medical aesthetics
have a common feature,
that you have to do it regularly.
and need to be done periodically.
Now we know three major methods.
what it can do and what it cannot do.
In fact, you can see the truth of many things.
Let's take Spot Removal as an example.
If we want to fade spots,
we can rely on
we can only rely on medical lasers,
such as PicoSure Laser,
PicoWay Laser means to smash this melanin
But after you break up the melanin,
this is not over.
Because Medical aesthetics has no ability to prevent the recurrence
from growing back repeatedly.
You still need to use cosmetics to protect against the sun,
preventing darkening,
to prevent the spots from growing back.
And in the whole process,
You’ll realize that beauty devices are kind of useless.
It doesn't have enough energy to remove Spots.
If you want to prevent darkening,
and prevent recurrence of Spots.
It is also destructive in nature.
it can't interfere with the physiological process.
So in the process of Spot Removal,
beauty devices can be saved.
Speaking of this,
we have a new problem.
What you start to realize is that
more isn’t always better when it comes to skincare—
and neither is doing everything.
Instead, you need to be selective—
and choose the care approach that actually suits your skin.
Because if you choose the wrong things，
or combine them the wrong way，
they can actually work against each other,
cancelling each other out instead of helping.
So what I'm going to talk about is
Today’s video focuses on one key question:
these three main methods.
when do they clash with each other,
and when can they work together for better results?
I have divided the skincare routine into different stages
and formulated maintenance methods for everyone in the form of formulas.
Our Skincare routine are divided into two sections.
The key factor in deciding
which sections your skin is in is
whether your skin barrier is good.
that is, whether your skin barrier is healthy.
Because when your skin barrier is healthy versus when it’s compromised,
your skincare goals, the methods you use,
and the entire “formula” of your routine
are completely different.
What is a good barrier?
That means even if the temperature and humidity change dramatically,
your skin won’t freak out or become sensitive.
Or
in your daily skincare process,
you haven't encountered
you have allergic reactions to any products.
What is a bad barrier?
For example, when there is a temperature difference,
or humidity changes,
your face is prone to redness,
or peeling,
or seasonal allergies.
or you can ask yourself
do you often have acne,
or eczema?
Do you have rosacea on your face?
urticaria,
These questions all suggest that your barrier is not good and complete.
There was also a special period.
everyone should pay attention to.
which is the recovery period after medical aesthetics.
which is also within this range.
All the phenomena I mentioned earlier
It all adds up.
all of these add up to the fragile barrier period.
The fragile barrier period
is similar to your skin being in a sick leave period.
If your skin is in this period,
whether it's whitening
or anti-aging,
or any other functional skincare products,
we should put them aside first.
The most important thing at this time is to repair the barrier.
So the maintenance formula at this time is one hundred percent skincare products.
zero percent beauty devices and zero percent medical aesthetics.
The red line of maintenance during this period
is any means that interferes with or irritates the skin.
such as beauty devices and medical aesthetics.
which may prolong your repair period.
At this time,
let your skin eat well these three meals a day.
Quietly recuperating is the best way.
Here, I especially want to mention
the inflammatory period of acne outbreak.
such as those with electricity or heat,
these instruments must be kept away from the skin.
At this time, some people may ask,
I think my skin barrier is fine,
can I move on to the next step?
I want to remind you that
Once your skin shows redness,
prickling, itching, and other symptoms of barrier instability,
you must return your maintenance plan
to the fragile period of the barrier.
OK, if the barrier is fine,
Now let’s move on to the part everyone cares about the most.
Now let’s move on to the section everyone cares about the most.
Because it covers skincare formulas
for whitening, Spot Removal,
anti-aging,
and many other skin concerns.
At this time,
We can divide it into three stages
based on age and skin condition.
They are maintenance entry period,
Maintenance long-distance running period and deep maintenance period
Let's talk about the maintenance entry period.
This period is common in the twenties,
which is the later stage of the student period,
and the early stage of entering the society.
At this stage,
start to care about their appearance,
and the skin may also have some
minor skin problems.
The maintenance formula at this time is
ninety percent of skin care products add ten percent of beauty devices.
and zero percent Medical aesthetics.
Because at this stage,
your skin's metabolic capacity is very strong,
so there is no need for excessive intervention.
We spend ninety percent of our budget and energy on cleaning,
moisturizing, and sun protection.
you can outperform most of your peers.
The remaining ten percent
you can choose a basic LED light beauty device
to choose a basic LED light beauty device
to improve the skin's luster
and elasticity.
At this time，most cosmetic procedures
actually don't need to be considered.
At this stage, the red line in skincare
is anything that involves “borrowing from the future.”
For example,
using aggressive anti-aging treatments
that don’t match your age,
or going to aesthetic clinics too frequently for procedures—
all of these are forms of “borrowing from the future.”
It won't give you an advantage.
Instead, it will predict your skin's tolerance.
And the effect of your treatment
will also be affected by the diminishing marginal returns,
the less effective it will be.
Then we talk about the long-term maintenance period.
This stage
usually refers to people over twenty-five
to fifty years old, which is a long period.
a daily skin care and maintenance.
At this time, your skin
has begun to gradually become dull,
and some slight wrinkles will also appear.
At this time,
our maintenance formula is sixty percent skin care products,
thirty percent beauty devices, and ten percent Medical aesthetics.
This is actually a set of
cost-effective combination.
Let me explain how to do it.
We can use skin care products every day to do sun protection,
and anti-oxidation,  anti-glycation, and other preventive operations.
We can set aside two to three times a week
let the beauty device be your personal trainer
to train the skin.
Commonly used ones
such as Light- and Energy-based Devices,
or radiofrequency devices.
which are all good.
Then, every year and a half,
go to the institution for a light medical aesthetics
such as Intense Pulsed Light (IPL)
or salmon hydrafacial.
This kind of basic nutrition
daily fitness,
combined with regular fine-tuning,
can maintain a relatively long
a good state.
Of course,
I know many people may be hesitant about the ten percent.
Here, I want to tell you the truth.
When it comes to medical aesthetics,
once you start, you can't stop.
As we just said,
Medical aesthetics
is not sustainable.
It must be maintained periodically
to maintain its effect.
So if you do one-time Medical aesthetics on a whim,
and you want to lie flat for the next three years,
I advise you not to spend this unnecessary money.
Even if you don't have enough budget,
we can rely on skincare products and beauty devices
your maintenance goals at this stage
can also achieve more than eighty percent.
So, we should spend money on what we need.
and spend our money wisely.
As we said earlier,
at this stage,
the more suitable beauty device is Light- and Energy-based Devices,
or radiofrequency type.
These two types of beauty devices
they are essentially destructive beauty devices.
So when matching skin care products with it.
there are two hidden conflicts.
Everyone should pay attention to this.
The first is that beauty devices are destructive.
so we can't use functional skin care products.
Before using the beauty device,
Some people online will teach you
to replace the gel of the radio frequency device
with your
a cream or essence with functional active ingredients.
and the effect will be better.
Don't do this.
Because the working principle of the radiofrequency device
is to bombard your collagen fibers with heat energy.
When it's bombarded,
not only destroys your collagen,
but also kills the active ingredients in these skin care products.
all killed.
So using this skincare product before the radiofrequency device
it's useless.
Secondly, this beauty device
its nature is already destructive.
we'd better not combine it with
Destructive skin care products give it away
For example, I've seen some people recommend that
to use with this radio frequency device,
using retinol is better.
especially high concentration of retinol.
because they can both promote collagen.
and your effect will be doubled.
This point,
don't try it easily.
After using the radiofrequency device,
your skin barrier will be open for a short time.
it is open.
When you apply the retinol,
its irritation will be amplified.
You are more likely to be allergic at this time.
You may have to go back to the sensitive and fragile period
to take care of it.
So what’s the correct order
for using a radiofrequency device with skincare products?
before using the radiofrequency device,
apply the conductive gel according to the instructions.
Then wash off the gel.
Then follow your daily skincare routine,
such as lotion, cream,
and then proceed with your usual skincare routine.
And during the use of the radiofrequency device,
don't choose high concentration acids
or high concentration of retinol.
such irritating skin care products.
Instead, use products like peptides,
Pro-Xylane (Hydroxypropyl Tetrahydropyrantriol) and other gentle anti-aging products.
Then we say the deep maintenance period.
During this period,
your face
already have a relatively obvious sense of looseness,
or have deep true wrinkles,
At this age,
it will generally reach forty-five or fifty or sixty years old.
If you are a woman,
you must first look at a key indicator.
your skin
is in a frequent inflammatory response.
If your skin is in an inflammatory period,
The skin care formula at this time is
one hundred percent of skin care products
is basically the same as that in the fragile barrier period.
At this time, no matter how big the anti-aging
or the need for whitening and Spot Removal,
you should give way to barrier repair.
If your skin is not in the inflammatory period,
and relatively stable,
our skin care formula
can be changed to this formula.
forty percent of skin care products,
thirty percent beauty devices and thirty percent medical aesthetics.
Because at this stage,
if you want to maintain your skin condition and firmness,
just relying on daily skincare products
can no longer meet your needs.
You need some Medical aesthetics methods,
such as Thermage,
and Gold Microneedling for targeted lifting.
At the same time, you also need to use beauty devices
and fitness personal trainer
to maintain the daily lifting effect.
The red line that needs to be noted at this time
is because you have used relatively strong
and beauty devices,
so when choosing skin care products,
don't use them together with Medical aesthetics
don't compete with beauty devices for irritation.
At this time,
we should choose more repair and filling
and filling type, which are mild and safe skin care products.
to assist medical aesthetics and beauty devices.
as an assistant.
there is a special case.
when our skin has stubborn diseases
and we want to get rid of it.
How to maintain it?
how to maintain
It refers to our skin.
there is no discomfort now,
but there are still some old problems left,
such as old pigmentation,
old blood vessels, and so on.
This stage is the end treatment period.
Its maintenance formula is sixty percent medical aesthetics
plus forty percent of skin care products.
zero percent for beauty devices.
This is a typical
only requires medical aesthetics methods
and skin care products.
Medical aesthetics are responsible for blasting.
For example, Spot Removal,
You can use PicoSure Laser
PicoWay Laser to break up the melanin.
And for visible capillaries,
pulsed dye laser treatments
can be used
to seal off the blood vessels.
Skincare products are responsible for extinguishing and preventing recurrence.
After medical aesthetics,
The bottom layer of its skin
there will definitely be inflammation and micro-injury.
At this time, the role of skin care products is security guards.
We can use ingredients like Vitamin B5 (Panthenol)
anti-inflammatory ingredients like asiaticoside，
and use a gentle sunscreen
to prevent recurrence of dark spots.
Meanwhile, we can use tranexamic acid
and niacinamide
to block the pathway of melanin production
to prevent retaliatory darkening.
So, after all that we just said,
why beauty devices are not mentioned?
We actually mentioned earlier
what is the biggest limitation of beauty devices?
is its destructive nature
and insufficient energy level.
Because of its insufficient energy level,
so it can't break down melanin.
It has no effect on Spot Removal.
Because of its destructive nature,
so the light and heat it emits
are potentially irritating.
If you use a beauty device after Spot Removal,
it will increase the risk of recurrence of the spots.
So a really good maintenance plan
must include skin care products,
beauty devices and medical aesthetics are not overlapping,
and all in their own roles.
In terms of skincare,
It isn’t about using more products,using everything,
or using the most expensive ones.
It’s about choosing what actually suits you
and truly helps solve your skin concerns.
Although I have talked so much in this video,
it doesn't involve very specific
specific methods and products.
But it
can actually help us find the right maintenance tools.
logical framework.
With this understanding,
you can watch the next section on beauty devices.
you can accurately recognize
the expected effect of beauty devices,
what its limitations are,
Why this combination is effective
and why some combinations are conflicting.
I’m Xingxing, a cosmetic formulator.
If you like watching my videos
and find my content inspiring and helpful,
please like, subscribe, and join me.